feat: add custom attrs to traces (#520)
open-feature/js-sdk-contrib: libs/hooks/open-telemetry/README.md

client.addHooks(new MetricsHook());
```

### Custom Attributes

Custom attributes can be extracted from [flag metadata](https://openfeature.dev/specification/types#flag-metadata) by supplying a `attributeMapper` in the `MetricsHookOptions` or `TracingHookOptions`.

In the case of the `MetricsHook`, these will be added to the `feature_flag.evaluation_success_total` metric.

> The `TracingHook` adds them as [span event attributes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/ruby/manual/#add-span-events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TracingHook` adds them as [span event attributes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/manual/#span-events).
```
